hello Zach mandu through if I bring you
another video and today I made a little
something well huge something in
Minecraft and I made a Minecraft
calculator so um here it is works pretty
well takes a little bit for the you know
calculating everything works pretty well
I just kind of got bored and had a
random idea I'd seen some other people's
stuff on YouTube and I cited two might
as well try it and I didn't look at any
like tutorials or anything I figured out
all this stuff on my own yeah I don't
watch the tour else I just started make
like making selfish Donna about a week
ago well lag hate leg okay so I i'll
show you how it works first I'll show
you how the lights work see what happens
is uh whatever when you hit it travels
through here and it lights the ones
before it out up to so it has to go
through that without being able to come
back through here so you have to have a
repeater there for it to work as a
resistor also and I will come through
here and the currents inverted so
usually they're off but when you hit the
button it's it's just turns the redstone
torches on and it does the same with
ball so just this one use a lot more
redstone sand used to get around further
and what I have a deal is the current
travels up here comes through here and
what I have over here is just 25
different and gates free the amount of
possible outcomes of the calculations so
um I hit two and two so here's two plus
two right here when an gate does if both
of these are true then it'll execute
this right here and I'll put a current
out here so let's follow this
there's 25 of these things these giant
bridges coming over here as you can see
there's a lot of redstone
let's talk about a week to complete I
just started like making stuff about a
week ago so okay and here it is and it
has to come through here that has to
come all the way through here and light
up the amount of torches that need to be
lit up and somewhere in each one of
these I have the current inverted like
see right here and right here you can't
do it back there though it'll mess whole
thing up you gotta do it like right here
and under here i have montverde too so
well there's not much to explain it's
really really simple a lot of people
make it look really difficult to make
one of these things I mean it's kind of
like building a house out of dirt just
takes a really long time just a lot of
wiring really I mean not too much
thinking involved so that's where
minecraft calculator thanks for watching
please don't hate on it because it's so
small and like people can actually like
display digits I mean it's like my first
actual creation so thanks for watching
bye forever until next time